

## football

*(From VK 11)*

team 可以做单数或复数

centre forward   中锋  ：important position and you need a strong player

he is too young to be in the **running for** such a position



**reserve goalkeeper**  候补守门员

**substitute** 替补

strain in his leg  拉伤



formation 队形：  it describes how the players are positioned in the **pitch**（UK. 场地）

4 4 2





**kick off** : start of the match



do **stretching** 拉伸运动

passing   传球

**dribbling**  运球

heading  头球

shooting  射门



striker 前锋

> football is a matter of life and death 生死攸关



## sumo

*[From E.T 36]*

The aim of the game is to force your **opponent** out of the ring make a part of his body, **apart from** the soles of his feet, touch the floor.



A **martial art** is an art of self-defence without using weapons



A **sumo wrestler** is a man who practices sumo. Sumo wrestlers are very fat and they have particular hairstyles. We found out that their hairstyle depends on their **rank**.



In Japan, People **look up to** sumo wrestlers, they are heroes.



lf they show **promise** they go to live in a traditional Japanese house,called a sumo 'stable'.



The **ring** is the square platform where wrestlers and boxers fight.



A wrestling or boxing match is called a **bout**.



Yes, the secret is to eat a lot and then sleep!This helps the wrestlers **put on weight**.







## Golf

*[from E.T 39]*

<iframe height=398 width=100% src='http://player.youku.com/embed/XMTg1MDkyODk1Mg==' frameborder=0 'allowfullscreen'></iframe>

### where did golf start?

Well, the game of golf is believed to have originated in St. Andrews, a small town on the east coast of Scotland. lt's thought that local people started the game by hitting stones around a grassy area next to the sea...



Today golfs a very popular game in Scotland and many towns and cities have municipal golf courses where everybody can play quite cheaply. Today the **Royal and Ancient Golf Club** is located in St. Andrews. This is the body that **draws up** the rules of the game and answers questions golfers around the world have about the rules. You know there are six golf **courses** in St. Andrews. One of these is the famous 'Old Course': the world's first golf course.



###  golf clubs

you use these to hit the ball around the course. There are lots of different sizes of clubs but basically there are two kinds: **drivers and putters**. Drivers are used for long shots along the **fairways** and putters are used for short shots on the **greens**. Then you need a golf course: there are usually 18 holes on a course...and of course you need a golf ball.



### how do you play the game?

You start each hole on the **tee**. From here you use a driver to hit the ball as far as you can towards the hole. lf necessary you hit the ball again to get it onto the green, once on the green you use a putter to hit the ball into the hole. lt's as simple as that! Well, almost... And be careful not to hit your ball into a **bunker**, an area of sand, it can be difficult to hit a good **shot** out of one of these...


### how do you keep score in the game?

Well, each hole has a '**par**', the number of shots required to put the ball into the hole. Let's say the first hole at the Old Course in St. Andrews is par 3. lf you complete the hole with 4 shots, you're 1 over par, if you complete it with 2 shots you're 1 under par. The winner is the golfer who completes all 18 holes with the fewest shots or the most shots under par. And what happens if the golfer hits the ball into the hole with just 1 shot? This is called a '**hole in one**' and it is a cause for celebration!



### ls it expensive to play golf?

Because it looks like it's a game just for rich people. Well, golf clubs can be expensive and you may have to pay a lot to play on a course but you may be able to hire the clubs and you may be able to find a municipal course that charges very little for you to play 18 holes.



### How popular is golf?

lt's very popular in Scotland, as you can imagine, as the game started there. There are 540 golf courses in Scotland, remember the population of Scotland is 5 million. But golfs also popular around the world especially in Europe and North America. The game's really **taken off** in East Asia; the game's incredibly popular in Japan, Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore. There are lots of professional golfers who take part in international golf tournaments all over the world.




`golf clubs`  高尔夫球杆

`courses` 场地

`drivers` 

`putters`  推杆

`fairways` 球道

`greens` 绿地

`tee` 开始点

`bunker`  沙坑

`shot` 一击

`par` 标准杆

`hole in one` 一杆进洞

`taken off` 变得非常流行



## Wimbledon

*[from E.T 43]*

<iframe height=398 width=100% src='http://player.youku.com/embed/XMTg1MDc3NzQ2OA==' frameborder=0 'allowfullscreen'></iframe>



The tennis **tournament** that for many years insisted players wear only white. The tournament where the game's played on grass, and where tradition is a key **ingredient**. Of course l'm talking about Wimbledon.



### Why Wimbledon is by far the world's most **prestigious** tennis tournament?

The world's first international tournament took place at Wimbledon. Today of course there are many international tournaments, but Wimbledon has managed to retain a special place in the hearts of tennis fans and most players around the world.



The first tournament took place in 1877 and there were a couple of hundred **spectators**. Today nearly half a million people go to watch the tennis and in addition, millions worldwide follow the games on television,radio and via the lnternet.For many years players used to wear white on **court**, no other colours were allowed. This has changed today, though.



### And the grass courts?

Well yes, it may be hard to believe but the games are still played on natural grass. Obviously **a great deal of** care and attention goes into getting the grass to that state of perfection. For example 1 **tonne** of grass seed and 3 million litres of water a year... and a team of 14 **groundsmen**...

Yes, 14, but you know Wimbledon's famous grass surface can cause problems...



### problems

Today very few top level championships are played on grass. The world's top players just aren't used to playing on grass any more, and some top players really dislike grass.


Yes, they were. Three of the four Grand Slam tournaments used to be played on grass. l guess the one exception was the Roland Garros tournament in Paris:that's always been played on **clay**.



But the Australian and the U.S. Opens which were originally played on grass, have now switched to surfaces requiring less maintenance, leaving only Wimbledon with the surface on which tennis originated. And what difference does the surface make? Actually it makes a big difference.



On grass courts, for example, **serves** can be very, very fast, over 21 kilometres per hour and the ball tends to **bounce** lower than on other surfaces, giving attacking players an advantage. One alternative is the clay surface of the courts of Rolland Garros in Paris. Here, compared with Wimbledon, the game tends to be slower and the ball bounces higher, giving the defensive players the advantage.



where exactly is Wimbledon?
Wimbledon is a pleasant, **leafy** **suburb** in South West London... Obviously, it's famous all round the world for the tennis championships that take place there every summer.







`prestigious` 久负盛名的

`tournament` 联赛

`ingredient` 重要组成部分

`court` 球场

`spectators`  观众

`tonne` 大木桶

`groundsmen` 球场管理人员

`clay`  黏土

`bounce`  弹跳

`serves` 发球

`leafy` 叶茂盛的

`suburb` 郊区