# 校园

the **faculty** of   xx学院



`cafeteria` 自助餐厅，自助食堂



enroll 

physical education

registration form

subject

tutor

## E-learning



### What's E-learning

Well, e-learning, the 'e' means 'electronic' , so '**e-learning**' is 'electronic learning';this is a new and convenient way of studying. Many universities around the world now **offer** **distance learning degree **courses **via** the internet.



### Advantage

- One advantage, you can study when you like and where you like.It's a **flexible way** of learning.
- Another advantage is that e-learning gives people a second chance to take a university course, without **giving up** your job!
- Wait a minute, this is where the 'e', the 'electronic' part helps. There's lots of interaction with other students and course tutors. Some courses use **virtual classrooms** to teach small groups. You can see your **tutor** and other students on your computer screen.
- You can talk with them and use text chat or e-mail and discussion forums too. Today most courses include study skills information on how to study well at a distance.


- but good multimedia course materials can be very stimulatingas they use audio, images and text together to teach!

### Disadvantage

- You need to have a lot of **motivation** to take an e-learning course. Good **time management skills** are very important for successful e-learning.You mustn't waste time, you must study a little every day. lt isn't always easy, especially if you work!
- Besides, students can feel lonely and isolated
- Some course materials can be really boring just like reading 'books online' and some e-tutors are very **inexperienced** and don't know how to teach in this new way.


- And remember that drop out rates are high for e-learning courses.



`tutor`  导师，家庭教师

`time management skills` 时间管理技巧