# 电话用语



Now, what's this? This, in English, is called a 'land phone', okay? A land phone.
But this one here which you detach, is called a 'cordless' or a 'portable'. Alright? Cordless.
'to pick up' the receiver.
'Dial the number', or 'digit the number'
Then, we 'put the receiver down'. We put the receiver down.
Or another verb that we use in English is 'to hung up',



This type of phone, what do we call it? lt's a 'mobile', or even a 'cell'. And in Germany they actually call it a 'handy', because you can hold it in your hand.

This is a 'battery recharger'. A recharger, alright?

These are 'earphones', or 'headphones', alright?

so you can look in this book which is called a 'telephone directory'. Telephone directory.And if you want special services you can use a book called 'The Yellow Pages'.

## 日常电话用语

### Introducing yourself

**This is ...**

> Hello? This is Louise.

...**speaking**

> Hello? Louise speaking



Don't use **I am**, it just like a sales presentation on the telephone, alright?



### Asking who the other person is

**It that?**

> Hello, is that Mr Jackson?

> Hello, is that Peter speaking?

### Asking to speak to another person,

**would like to speak to**

> l'd like to speak to John,please.

**Can/Could/May l speak**...

> May l speak to the managing director?

could you **put me through**...

> Good morning, could you please put me through to Mr Smith?

Could you **connect me to**...(US)

> Good morning, could you please connect me to Mr Smith?



### Connecting people

**put you through**

> Just a moment, l'll put you through to him

**connect you** 

> Yes, Mr Smith is in, l'm trying to connect you now



### Asking people to wait

**Hold on**.

**Put it on hold**.

**Just a minute**, I'll make a note of that

**Just a minute**', we say 'l'll be right back.

Hang on (informal)

### Leaving a message

> Could you take a message, please?
>
> Can l leave a message



> Could you ask him/her, to **call me back**?



### Taking a message

> Would you like to leave a message?
>
> Can l take a message?



### Don't understand

> Can you repeat **that**, please?
>
> 一定要注意这里的的that!!

> Could you speak up,please?
>
> 你的声音能大点吗？
>
> 
>
> Could you speak more slowly, please?
>
> 你能说慢点吗？
>
> 
>
> Sorry, I didn't catch that.
>
> 对不起，我没听清

### Apologize for the inconvenience

> Sorry to keep you waiting

### problems with mobiles

> Sorry, We were **cut off**.
>
> 抱歉，电话被切断了/断线了（火车，隧道）

> **You're breaking up**, l'll call you back
>
> 这里信号不好，过会儿再给你回过去

> The line's bad...I'll call you latter
>
> 线路不好

> 
>
> My battery's running low
>
> 我的电话快没电了

> I'm running out of credit.I'll call you back later.
>
> 我快没话费了







##  商务电话用语

（from VK 16）

### identify yourself

> This is The Law Practice. Linda speaking

### offering help

> How can I help you?
>
> Sure, that's why I am here for.

### If the caller does not identify him/herself

> Who's speaking?
>
> Who's calling, please?
>
> Can I have you name, please?

### trying to reach someone

> could you put me through to Dr Fraser?
>
> 
>
> can I speak to Dr Fraser,please?
>
> 
>
> I'd like to speak to Dr Fraser, **if I may**.
>
> 
>
> could I have extension 573,please?

### Know who the caller is trying to reach

> I'll see **if she's in**
>
> I'll see if she's in the office
>
> 
>
> Hold on, **I'll put you through**
>
> **Hold the line**, please. I'll connect you
>
> One moment, please. I'm putting you through

### checking if the other person has time to talk

> Do you have a second or do you want me to call you later? 
>
> 
>
> Is now a good time?/Is this a bad time?
>
> 
>
> Can we talk now or later?
>
> 
>
> Am I disturbing you?
>
> 
>
> Are you busy right now?

> 
>
> 





> Can you call again later?
>
> 
>
> I'm busy right now, Can we talk later?