

I thought I have my passport with me.

I thought I phoned you yesterday.



I must have been mistaken

I must've made a mistake.

Have you got time for a coffee?

Do you have a time for a coffee?



How about here?

How about a cup of coffee?











at home

at work

at the office 

at school

at 23 street

at the bus stop



In only refer to sth is enclosed or sth has an inside outside

In for cities towns and countries.



what's the spoon made of?

It's made of steel.



the bag is made of leather.



pliable = you can bend it easily.



dull in color.



vase

英 [vɑːz]

美 [veɪs; veɪz]



sharp knief 

in this drawer

wok

saucepan

colander



If I were you, I'd report brother missing.

I with it would stop raining.



Could I please have some prawns please?



how much would you like

about 100 grams



how many love?



What are you getting at?

你在暗示什么吗?



l'm not good with words...



they're **keen on** eating big animals,





`earnest word`  认真的话







## express regret

`should have` + past participle

> I should have brought my umbrella with me.



`wish` +  past perfect

> I wish I had brought my umbrella with me.



`If only` + past perfect

> lf only l had brought my umbrella with me.





## relative word





## Stradivari's violin

*[from E.T 37]*

The violin is what we call a **string instrument**.

A violinist is a musician who plays the violin and he or she uses a **bow**. 

A bow is a long wooden rod with  horsehairs used for playing string instruments.



An **auction** is a public sale, a place where people bid against each other to buy something.'**To bid**' means to offer a price. You can buy almost anything at an auction;



A **workshop** is a place where craftsmen make things.
A **craftsman** is like an artisan.



lf something is '**sought after**' it means many people would like to have it.



##  The Royal Opera

*[from E.T 42]*



<iframe height=398 width=100% src='http://player.youku.com/embed/XMTg1MDgwOTg0NA==' frameborder=0 'allowfullscreen'></iframe>

### brief introduction

A great cultural icon with a very difficult recent history, a popular TV programme broadcasting these problems
to a whole nation and today great performances to **packed** houses. l'm talking about the Royal Opera House at Covent Garden in London.The theatre dates back to 1732 but recently it's become more famous than ever.



### What has been happening at The Royal Opera?

Well, everything started with the **restoration** work that was begun in 1995. This work has now been completed
and we have the modern performance space that it is today.Sure, but the restoration work was partly **funded by** the national lottery.The lottery gave \$58.5 million towards the work. Lottery tickets cost $1.00 and are sold all over the country, and there's a big **draw** once a week.



The restoration work was completed in 1999. Tony Blair's labour government had given the Royal Opera this lottery money **on condition that** it made opera less elitist in the future by keeping some of its seats reasonably priced for citizens earning an average wage.



ln 2001 the Royal Opera became even more famous when the BBC filmed a '**fly on the wall**' documentary about the **day to day running of the place**. The programme showed a real life soap opera in action. During this period the theatre was **chaotically** managed and was almost out of control.



Five **executive directors** left in the space of five years. There was **on-going** **conflict** between management and employees. And the Royal Opera suddenly found itself at the **centre of the political debate** about the funding of the arts in the UK.

Many people asked whether opera wasn't too **elitist** an art form to receive funding from the government.



Why?ls the running of the Royal Opera completely funded by the government?



No, but it does **rely** in part **on** the government, 31 % of its funds come from government **subsidies**. Today **corporate sponsorship** is becoming more important. ln 2006 this amounted to nearly $16 million. Of course the rest of the funds come from ticket sales.



### How does the story end?



The BBC documentary programme was a great success: it had a huge audience. The TV project wasn't so successful for the Royal Opera management as it entered a period of financial crisis. And there was an enormous amount of criticism because of the high cost of the **renovation** work and because of the BBC TV documentary which showed that the place was managed very, very badly.



### And today?

Well, after so many years of difficult times the Royal Opera is **newsworthy** simply because it isn't! For the last five years the Royal Opera has been putting on successful operas and ballets. lt's been doing a fine job. What's more the Opera House has kept its promise. Now it's attracting new audiences to listen to opera and some of the seats are reasonably priced.



### how much the tickets cost?

The top price for a performance is usually \$180 but half of the seats cost \$50 or less, but the cheapest seats cost less than $10. Of course, they're not very close to the stage, but they are the cheapest grand opera seats in Europe. On an average evening 48% of the audience is watching its first opera. 



After a very difficult period the Royal Opera is now running smoothly. Another soap opera with a happy ending.









`cultural icon`  文化偶像

`packed` 塞满

`restoration` 修复，修整

`draw`  吸引

`on condition that` = only if

`fly on the wall`   a programme that shows everything that happens in real life situations.

`day to day running of the place`  = the normal everyday administration of the place.

`chaotically`  混乱的

`executive directors`  执行董事

`centre of the political debate`  政治辩论的中心

`elitist`  优秀人才

`subsidies`  津贴

`corporate sponsorship ` 企业资助

`renovation` 整修

`newsworthy`  有报道价值的