What the future will hold 将来会怎样

The future hold for us 我们面对的未来

What will the future hold 未来将会怎么样 ; 未来将会怎样



you know what I say? I also enjoy doing nothing. That's what I'm going to do



couch 长沙发





Sometimes I enjoy **solitude**, just me and my thoughts.



I swear. 我发誓



show off 炫耀



How about **strolling** in the park?



out clients are used to the very best.



stop humming please, I can't hear anything.



sauna 桑拿



And **as far as entertainment is concerned**,  do you have a **lounge** with **live music**?



My boss asked me to book two rooms for two of our most demanding clients.



and, of course, with all the creature-comforts.



you've got a lover.



Poor Anne?Well, sometimes the truth is difficult to hear, isn't it?



it looks very **original**, very **unique**.



**Don't be offended**, it's **only his way**.

不要介意，他就是这么个人。



**Don't be offended** I am just **fooling around.** 

别恼火，我只是在开玩笑。



Thanks Anne, that's the nicest **compliment**



What **a bunch of nuts**.  真是一群疯子

nut = crazy person



What a day?l'm **exhausted**

Me too, all of my muscles are killing me



**That's about it**. 那就是这样。情况便是如此



The fridge is **practically** empty



And Alice's mobile just rang and rang...



> -MAY l ask you a question, Jack? 
>
> -Well, of course, aunt Carolina. **Shoot**

Shoot. 请讲





what do you say? 你怎么看



my boss will **have a fit**.  大发脾气



run down 



I'm **elated**. 我太高兴了



Come on, Tell me what! I can't stand the suspense.  我受不了这种悬念，别卖关子了！



`put on` 穿上，假装，上演



leading role/part 主角



 You enjoy using a **superior tone of voice**...  优越的语气



hold on 





-what does he look like   长相

-He is tall and handsome



-What is he like  性格

-He is kind



-How is he?  感受

-He is tired





starter and main course  头菜和主菜



# future tense

## will

### snap decision

响指决定

或用于天气播报



## be going to

### future intentions

l'm going to learn Portuguese

l'm going to go on holiday

Be careful you're going to drop those plates



### inevitable result.

be going to = be about to

you can see it happening and the result is inevitable,



You see the umpire, the referee, is going to send off a player.

I'm going to miss my train.

l'm going to fall asleep.

I'm going to give a speech.





## weather brocast

*[the E.T 32]*

Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and here is the weather forecast for the bank holiday weekend. ln north Scotland it will be very cold, with **outbreaks** of snow in the mountains, temperatures will remain low as a **cold front** moves **across the region**. Now, in the north of England it'll be somewhat **wet** as rain will move across the region until late into the night, so if you're planning on going walking, take some **waterproof clothes** with you. ln East Anglia it will be dry but generally dull and rather cloudy, unfortunately, however in south England it will be a bright clear day with sunshine, a day for the beach. And in south east England in the morning it will be foggy but then it will clear in the afternoon and there will be a wonderful warm wind. So, ladies and gentlemen that is the forecast for your weekend.



cold front 

waterproof clothes



## In hospital

Let's check the thermometer,
l know you're not well, let's have a look... good, Yes the **temperature has gone down**, that's good news
you can have relaxing baths and you can eat whatever you want but you mustn't have any alcohol, ok?

Because you haven't **finished your antibiotics** and it could have a **disastrous effect** on you, alright? So, you must finish your **cycle of tablets**.

now let's see,what else... Oh yes, and you must drink a lot of water,maybe five **litres** a day if **you can manage that**, ok?




## Asking for permission

### May I ——Formal situation

> May l ask you a question?
> May l offer you something?
> May l have this dance?



### Could I ——Neutral situation

You could use it in any situation

> Could l use your phone, please?
> Could l change the appointment?
> Could we meet later?



### Can I —— Informal situation

With your friends, family, or people you know well.

> Can you pass me the salt, please?
> Can l have some wine, please?
> Can l borrow the car tonight?



## Telephone Language

### Introducing yourself

**This is ...**

> Hello? This is Louise.

...**speaking**

> Hello? Louise speaking



Don't use **I am**, it just like a sales presentation on the telephone, alright?



### Asking who the other person is

**It that?**

> Hello, is that Mr Jackson?

> Hello, is that Peter speaking?

### Asking to speak to another person,

**would like to speak to**

> l'd like to speak to John,please.

**Can/Could/May l speak**...

> May l speak to the managing director?

could you **put me through**...

> Good morning, could you please put me through to Mr Smith?

Could you **connect me to**...(US)

> Good morning, could you please connect me to Mr Smith?



### Connecting people

**put you through**

> Just a moment, l'll put you through to him

**connect you** 

> Yes, Mr Smith is in, l'm trying to connect you now



### Asking people to wait

**Hold on**.

**Put it on hold**.

**Just a minute**, I'll make a note of that

**Just a minute**', we say 'l'll be right back.



### Leaving a message

> Could you take a message, please?
>
> Can l leave a message



> Could you ask him/her, to **call me back**?



### Taking a message

> Would you like to leave a message?
>
> Can l take a message?





Hello? This is Louise speaking, Pablo?

Hello? Yes hello, could l speak to Pablo please? 

Well could you put me through to him?



l'll find... l'll try and find out, ok. Put it on hold.../ hold a minute please.

l'm afraid he's not here at the moment...

Yes, would you like to leave a message?

Sharon called, ok, would you like him to call you back?





Hello? Yes hello, could l speak to Pablo please?



### Don't understand

> Can you repeat **that**, please?



###  Apologize for the inconvenience

> Sorry to keep you waiting



### suddenly the other person disappears

> Sorry, We were **cut off**.
>
> 抱歉，电话被切断了/断线了



### you can't hear properly,

> **You're breaking up**, l'll call you back
>
> 这里信号不好，过会儿再给你回过去



