



> 
>
> In general, the rule is: **the more effort the better,**

（我想到一句话：越努力，越幸运？？）

> Finally, the distinction between instruction and discovery (or between aided and unaided discovery) is important because most of us, most of the time, have to read without anyone to help us. Reading, like unaided discovery, is learning from an absent teacher. We can only do that successfully if we know how.

------

> There are four levels of reading.



> The first level of reading we will call Elementary Reading.



> The child’s first encounter with reading is at this level. His problem then (and ours when we began to read) is to recognize the individual words on the page.



> At this level of reading, the question asked of the reader is “What does the sentence say?”



> This happens, for example, whenever we come upon something we want to read that is written in a foreign language that we do not know very well.



> Only after recognizing them individually can we begin to try to understand them, to struggle with perceiving what they mean.



> Most of these difficulties are mechanical, and some of them can be traced back to early instruction in reading. Overcoming these difficulties usually allows us to read faster; hence, most speed reading courses concentrate on this level.



> The second level of reading we will call Inspectional Reading.



> another way to describe this level of reading is to say that its aim is to get the most out of a book within a given time—usually



> Still another name for this level might be skimming or pre-reading.



> Inspectional reading is the art of skimming systematically.



> When reading at this level, your aim is to examine the surface of the book, to learn everything that the surface alone can teach you.



> the question typically asked at this level is “What is the book about?” That is a surface question;



> “What is the structure of the book?” or “What are its parts?” Upon completing an inspectional reading of a book,



> you should also be able to answer the question, “What kind of book is it—a novel, a history, a



> scientific treatise?”



> We do want to stress, however, that most people, even many quite good readers, are unaware of the value of inspectional reading.



> The third level of reading we will call Analytical Reading.



> Analytical reading is thorough reading, complete reading, or good reading—the best reading you can do.



> We do want to emphasize here that analytical reading is always intensely active.



> Francis Bacon



> “some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested.”



> Analytical reading is preeminently for the sake of understanding.



> The fourth and highest level of reading we will call Syntopical Reading.



> 第四种叫主题阅读



> Another name for this level might be comparative reading. When reading syntopically, the reader reads many books, not just one, and places them in relation to one another and to a subject about which they all revolve.



> the syntopical reader is able to construct an analysis of the subject that may not be in any of the books.



> Nevertheless, syntopical reading is probably the most rewarding of all reading activities. The benefits are so great that it is well worth the trouble of learning how to do it.



> the 1970’s will be “the decade of reading.”



> One was a variant on the synthetic ABC method, known as the phonic method.



> A wholly different approach, analytical rather than synthetic, originated in Germany and was advocated by Horace Mann and other educators after about 1840.



> teaching the visual recognition of whole words before giving any attention to letter-names or letter-sounds.



> with the pupils only later learning to recognize the constituent words and then, finally, the constituent letters.



> during the 1920’s and 30’s, which period was also characterized by the shift in emphasis from oral reading to silent reading.



> Thus, an almost exclusive emphasis on rapid, comprehensive silent reading was a feature of the years from about 1920 to 1925.



> No aspect of schooling has been more severely criticized than reading instruction.



> A young man or woman who cannot read very well is hindered in his pursuit of the American dream, but that remains largely a personal matter if he is not in school.



> eclectic approach,



> individualized reading approach, the language-experience approach,



> Still other devices and programs are the “total immersion method,” the “foreign-language-school method,” and the method known variously as the “see-say,”“look-say,”“look-and-say,” or “word method.”



> One useful finding of recent research is the analysis of stages in learning to read.



> at least four more or less clearly distinguishable stages in the child’s progress toward what is called mature reading ability.



> The first stage is known by the term “reading readiness.”



> at birth, and continues normally until the age of about six or seven.



> 迫不及待，抢跑



> 弄巧成拙



> In the second stage, children learn to read very simple materials.



> typically manage to master perhaps three hundred to four hundred words by the end of the first year.



> By the end of this period pupils are expected to be reading simple books independently and with enthusiasm.



> Where does meaning come from?



> Indeed, this discovery of meaning in symbols may be the most astounding intellectual feat that any human being ever performs—and most humans perform it before they are seven years old!



> The third stage is characterized by rapid progress in vocabulary building and by increasing skill in “unlocking”the meaning of unfamiliar words through context clues.



> In addition, children at this stage learn to read for different purposes and in different areas of content, such as science, social studies, language arts, and the like.



> They learn that reading, besides being something one does at school, is also something one can do on one’s own, for fun, to satisfy curiosity, or even to “expand one’s horizons.”



> Finally, the fourth stage is characterized by the refinement and enhancement of the skills previously acquired.



> to carry over concepts from one piece of writing to another, and to compare the views of different writers on the same subject. This, the mature stage of reading, should be reached by young persons in their early teens. Ideally, they should continue



> But one cause of the failure is not often noted.



> the higher, levels of reading have tended to be slighted.



> unless efforts are made on all levels of reading.



> are all stages of the first level of reading,



> In the simplest terms, he is mature enough to do high school work.



> We assume—we must assume—that you, our reader, have attained ninth grade literacy, that you have mastered the elementary level of reading, which means that you have passed successfully through the four stages described.



> No one can learn from a how-to-do-it book until he can read it;



> The difference between aided and unaided discovery comes into play here.



> Only then can he read independently and learn on his own. Only then can he begin to become a really good reader.



> Traditionally, the high schools of America have provided little reading instruction for their students, and the colleges have provided none.



> 以前



> when high school enrollments increased greatly within a relatively short period, educators began to realize that it could no longer be assumed that entering students could read effectively. Remedial reading instruction was therefore provided, sometimes for as many as 75% or more students. 



> 现在 不能确假设大家都能高效阅读



> Remedial reading instruction is not instruction in the higher levels of reading.



> To this day, most institutions of higher learning either do not know how to instruct students in reading beyond the elementary level, or lack the facilities and personnel to do so.



> despite the fact that a number of four-year and community colleges have recently instituted courses in speed reading, or in “effective”reading, or “competence”in reading.



> these courses are remedial.



> They are not designed to take the student beyond the first level or to introduce him to the kinds and levels of reading that are the main subject of this book.



> 文科



> ought to produce graduates who are competent analytical readers. A good college, if it does nothing else, ought to produce competent syntopical readers.



> A college degree ought to represent general competence in reading such that a graduate could read any kind of material for general readers and be able to undertake independent research on almost any subject



> One should not have to spend four years in graduate school in order to learn how to read.



> It should not take that long to learn to read. Something is very wrong if it does.



> What is wrong can be corrected.



> There is nothing arcane or even really new about what we have to propose.



> Reading and the Democratic Ideal of Education



> We know that the thunder of thousands of freshmen feet upon the stairs makes it hard to hear, no matter how reasonable the message.



> Inspectional reading is a true level of reading.



> the levels of reading are cumulative.



> You must be able to read an author’s text more or less steadily, without having to stop to look up the meaning of many words, and without stumbling over the grammar and syntax.



> there are two types of inspectional reading.



> They are aspects of a single skill, but the beginning reader is well-advised to consider them as two different steps or activities.



> Inspectional Reading I: Systematic Skimming or Pre-reading



> First, you do not know whether you want to read the book. You do not know whether it deserves an analytical reading.



> Second, let us assume—and



> you have only a limited time in which to find all this out.



> In this case, what you must do is skim the book, or, as some prefer to say, pre-read it.



> 有限时间，或者不知道一本书对你有没有用的前提下



> Your main aim is to discover whether the book requires a more careful reading.



> skimming can tell you lots of other things about the book, even if you decide not to read it again with more care.



> Giving a book this kind of quick once-over is a threshing process that helps you to separate the chaff from the real kernels of nourishment.



