

## relate word

*(from vk 15)*

### weather and climate

**Weather** = the state of the **atmosphere** at a **determined place and time**

**Climate **= the **general weather conditions**

> what's the weather like?
>
> Is it sunny/rainy?

> It's .... 
>
> Bad/Good
>
> Cold/Hot
>
> Sunny/Rainy/Windy/foggy/cloudy
>
> raining / snowing

> We have some **bad** weather today.

> In Great Britain the weather is **awful and unpredictable**

### seasons

The seasons of the year are...

Winter

Spring

Summer

Fall( Autumn in UK )

In ... we have a lot of rain/ some snow...



## Weather broadcast

*[the E.T 32]*

Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and here is the weather forecast for the bank holiday weekend. ln north Scotland it will be very cold, with **outbreaks** of snow in the mountains, temperatures will remain low as a **cold front** moves **across the region**. Now, in the north of England it'll be somewhat **wet** as rain will move across the region until late into the night, so if you're planning on going walking, take some **waterproof clothes** with you. ln East Anglia it will be dry but generally dull and rather cloudy, unfortunately, however in south England it will be a bright clear day with sunshine, a day for the beach. And in south east England in the morning it will be **foggy** but then it will clear in the afternoon and there will be a wonderful warm wind. So, ladies and gentlemen that is the forecast for your weekend.



`outbreaks` 爆发

`cold front  `冷锋

`waterproof clothes `防水衣服

`foggy ` 有雾的



##  climate change

*[the E.T 33]*

<iframe height=400 width=100% src='http://player.youku.com/embed/XMTgzNDkxODkzMg==' frameborder=0 'allowfullscreen'></iframe>

### climate change

You know the first thing to **stress** is that the earth's climate. You know the first thing to stress is that the earth's climate  is always changing. ln the past this happened due to natural causes.


l mean, the atmosphere and the earth's climate changed naturally. Now things are different. Scientists believe that climate change today is **a result of man's activities**, our activities.''



### greenhouse effect

The 'greenhouse effect'is very important for the world's weather. **Greenhouse gases** help to **capture the energy** we receive from the sun. They keep the earth warm. Without these gases the world would be a colder place, and our lives would be very different.



lt's the extra greenhouse gases that are dangerous! Our way of life, cars, factories, central heating, is producing too much of these greenhouse gases. These gases are trapping more and more of the sun's energy and the world's becoming warmer. **Carbon dioxide**, CO2, is one of the main greenhouse gases. Carbon dioxide is produced when we burn coal and natural gas. The problem is that over the years the **concentration** of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has increased enormously.



### consequence

Well, higher average temperatures around the world. You know even a small change in temperature, even a one degree increase, can cause the **sea level** to rise as the **polar ice caps** **melt**, in fact this is already happening. Other consequences? More rainfall in some parts of the world and less in others, more extreme weather conditions, stronger **hurricanes** and **typhoons**.



### solution

- use less coal and natural gases
- plant more trees 
- stop destroying our forests because they take carbon dioxide out of the air. 
- governments around the world need to encourage the use of **renewable energy** sources. 
  - **Solar panels** can use the sun's energy
  - **wind turbines** can generate electricity from the wind 
  - **hydroelectric power plants** can use water to generate electricity.







`stress`  强调

`Greenhouse`  温室('greenhouse' is a transparent house, usually made of glass, where we grow plants. lt gets very hot in a greenhouse!)

`Global warming` 全球变暖

`nitrogen`  氮

`oxygen` 氧

`Carbon dioxide` 二氧化碳

`concentration` 浓度，浓缩

`renewable energy` 再生资源

`Solar panels` 太阳能板

`wind turbines` 风力涡轮机

`hydroelectric power plants` 水力发电站（plant 工厂）

`generate`  = to make

`sea level`  海平面

`polar ice caps` 极地冰川

`melt`  融化

`rainfall` 多雨

`hurricanes`  飓风

`typhoons` 台风



##  weather in Scotland

*[From E.T 37]*

<iframe height=398 width=100% src='http://player.youku.com/embed/XMTg1MDgyNDcwMA==' frameborder=0 'allowfullscreen'></iframe>



### brief Introduce

You know, l'm planning to visit the west coast this summer and l really don't know what kind of clothes to take with me. lt's cold there, isn't it? Not really. Take your **swimming costume**, a **beach towel** and some **sun tan cream**.

You're joking, aren't you? Not at all! The west **coast** of Scotland has beautiful islands and **lochs** and gardens full of **tropical** plants.


### gulf stream

lt's thanks to the **Gulf Stream**. You know, it's one of the world's most important **ocean currents**. lt **carries** large amounts of warm **seawater** from the Caribbean Sea to the north-west of Europe. This warm water **brings about** an increase in the temperature here of about 9 degrees **centigrade**.Without it the weather in Great Britain would be a lot colder!






Well, let's not exaggerate! There are tropical plants but it's not exactly like the **Caribbean**; though the winters are very **mild** here. At least they are for the moment! 



### The changes

Since 1950 scientists have noticed that the flows of cold water in the North Atlantic, that are **associated with** the Gulf Stream, have decreased by 20%. We're not talking about the Gulf Stream here but this change could slow down the Gulf Stream itself. What's behind this change in the North Atlantic? Well, the water in the world's oceans and seas is constantly moving. The speed and direction of these movements of water are controlled by different factors such as the shape of the **ocean floor**, the **salinity** of the water and the earth's **rotation**. 



### The effect

Well, scientists have noticed that the **ice sheets** of the North Pole and Greenland are **melting** due to the greenhouse effect. This is reducing the salinity of the water in the North Atlantic and is reducing the **flows** of cold water. 



Scientists have discovered that the Gulf Stream slowed down or maybe even stopped completely about 11,000 years ago. This brought about **a fall** in the temperatures in northern Europe of 5 degrees.  Scientists fear that a **knock-on effect** of the salinity reduction may be the slowing down of the Gulf Stream again. The worst predictions suggest there could be a new ice age in Great Britain. Perhaps the Winter Olympic Games will take place in Scotland.We'll have to **wait and see**!





`swimming costume`  泳装

`sun tan cream`  晒黑霜 （sun cream 防晒霜）

`coast`  海岸

`tropical` **热带**

`Gulf Stream`  墨西哥暖流

 `ocean currents`  **海流**

`brings about` **带来，引起**

`centigrade`  摄氏度

`mild`  温和

 `ocean floor`  洋底

`salinity` 含盐度

`rotation`  **循环**

 `ice sheets`  冰川

`melting` 溶解

`flows`  流动

`knock-on effect` **连锁反应**

