## relate words

`labour costs` 劳动力成本

`production costs`  生产成本``

`High-tech` 高科技

`cutting-edge` 尖端

`tentative`  建设性的

## Job

> Do you enjoy, do you like your job?
>
> 
>
> Do you have **responsibility** in your job?
>
> 
>
> What about this? 
>
> 
>
> Do you have a **good salary**?
>
> 
>
> Does your salary **reflect** your job?
>
> 
>
> Do you attend training courses?
>
> 
>
> do you have **promotion prospects**?
>
> 
>
> Are the working conditions good? Like holidays, for example.
>
> 
>
> Do you meet a lot of people?
>
> 
>
> ls your job **creative**?



## Company

### type

> What type of company is it?
>
> 你们公司的类型是什么？
>
> 
>
> For example, a **multinational**, a private, a **public**, a family company.
>
> 跨国公司，私人公司，上市公司，家族企业

### Main Activity

> what does the company do?
>
> what is its main activity?
>
> 你们公司主要是做什么的？
>
> 
>
>  For example: manufacturing, or engineering, or production.
>
> 制造，工程，产品

### Employees

> how many employees are there?

### subsidiaries, or branches,

> does it have any **branches**/**subsidiaries**?
>
> 你们公司有**分公司**/**子公司**吗

### the number of products

> how many products does the company have?
> does it have a large **product range**?
>
> 你们公司有哪些产品？
>
> 你们公司有很大的产品线吗？

###  location.

> Where is the company located? 
>
> where is the company situated?
>
> 你们公司的地址在哪

### target market

> what are your **target-markets**?
>
> 你们公司的目标市场是什么？

### sales, the profit

> what is the annual **turnover** / **revenue** of the company?
>
> 公司的年**营业额**/**收入**怎么样？

### Example

Speedmaster Spector is a **multinational** company which **specializes** in well-designed, high-tech sporting goods. **Founded** in Los Angeles in 1995, we now have 15 **branches** world-wide. Over the past few years, Speedmaster Spector's **revenue** has grown impressively. Today we have a **turnover** of more than 60 million euros of revenue. Our revenues abroad amount to more than 50% of that total. We have **product lines** for men, women, and children with gear covering head to toe. Our brand is synonymous with reliability. Speedmaster Spector is trusted around the world and we are considered one of the leaders in our sector. We have factories that meet all work-standards and regulations in the countries we would like to target. That's our strength. 





## company organization

### Human Resources

Human Resources is usually personnel, it's training,'training' is like 'education', and it's wages and salaries.

recruits staff/take on people



### Finance

Now, in Finance you usually have the areas of `purchasing`,which is `buying` things.Also, customer  and other financial services. prepares `invoices（发票)`

does the budget, taxes and investment?



### Production

Now, in this particular department you have... `Producing the goods`,you `check the quality`, you do the `packaging`, and you `distribute the goods` to customers.



### Marketing

And in Marketing you `advertise` the product and you organise sales.



## Entering a new market

Now, if a market has been there for a while, we say that the market is '**established**', or it's '**well-established**'. 



But often markets change. lf they improve, we talk about the market situation '**growing or increasing**'. But if the opposite happens, we say that the market '**shrinks**', it's shrinking, or it's '**decreasing**'. However, if we find a change which is **uneven**, we say that the market is '**fluctuating**', that it's changing. Or, if there is no change, we talk about the market is being '**stable**'. lf the market is full and there's no more room to promote or sell your product as a company, we say that the market is '**saturated**'.



## change management process

*[From E.T 41]*

`change management process` is the process a company uses to change the way it operates. 

Due to new technologies and new competition many companies have to re-think their business plan.



`To face up to something` means to accept a difficult situation that exists. 



So how does the change management process work? First an analyst identifies the areas that need to be changed. 



An `analyst` is an expert who looks at all the elements of a situation.



`to run a company` means to manage it. Companies have to embrace change.



`To embrace something` means to accept it and put it into practice.



`to embrace change` means to start making changes. Companies must face up to the fact that they have to hange the way they do business.



`To canvass` means to ask people for their opinions.



 `to draw up` means to prepare, we use it for documents. For example, you draw up a contract.
The strategy must then be implemented.



`To implement` means to **put into action**. Once the strategy is implemented it`s important to consolidate it.



`Feedback` means opinions about something.







## Brainstorming

*[From E.T 43]*

<iframe height=398 width=100% src='http://player.youku.com/embed/XMTg1MTgzMzIyOA==' frameborder=0 'allowfullscreen'></iframe>



### what is 'brainstorming'

Well, people put their ideas together with the aim of finding a solution to a specific problem. Exactly! lt's a group activity, all the members suggest ideas and their **contributions** then **stimulate** new ideas. **And the first rule is any idea is acceptable**. Sometimes it's the most **outrageous** idea that can help generate a solution to the problem! because although an idea may seem silly it might **instigate** other ideas



The ideal number of people for a brainstorming meeting is **from three to eight**. Too many people could get a bit **out of hand**. Well, even eight people calling out ideas and making comments could get **chaotic** so it's useful to have a '**facilitator**', a person who doesn't contribute but keeps the session on course and records the ideas on a **flipchart**. And, although this is a common technique used in the corporate world, you might be surprised to know that during a brainstorming meeting all hierarchy and roles disappear: **the philosophy behind this strategy is to create a real sense of democracy within the group so that everyone feels their opinions are valued**. 



### language used in 'brainstorming'

 Our company needs to increase its production space. lt's essential that in brainstorming **you don't try to assert your own opinion**.What's important is to **work as a team**. Try to limit the use of 'l' and use 'we' instead.



`Let's..`

`How about...`

`What if we`

> How about opening a second factory.
>
> 
>
> What if we close this factory and open a larger factory out of town.
>
> 
>
> Perhaps we could rent the building next to the factory
>
> 
>
> Couldn't we build a third floor?
>
> 
>
> Let's try to re-organize the space we have
>
> 
>
> Would we be able to re-organize the shop floor space?
>
> 
>
> Why don't we try moving all the production to China?
>
> 
>
> We could move part of the production to China.
>
> 
>
> What about closing part of the production line?
>





`brainstorming`  头脑风暴

`outrageous`  离谱

`out of hand`  失控

`facilitator`  促进者，服务商

`flipchart`  挂图

`democracy` 民主

`instigate` 鼓动，怂恿





